Warm, where did you go last night?
You are now the eldest lady
If anything goes wrong and is discovered in reality
But the lady won't help your skin
Today you will be invited to dinner with the eldest lady
Get ready now
Mrs. Wen Xi was unmarried again last night
I don't know which wild man I've been fooling around with until now
The daughter born leisurely is summer
Just like his lowly mother
material shame
I just want to climb into a man's bed
I thought of this bitch going to Lu Qinghan
I can't wait to kill him
By the way, Butler Zhao
You go and tell the hospital.
Don't use such good medicine for shoulder inflammation
As long as you don't die
Imported drugs are used every day
It's a waste of money, understand
Wu Shuyu, who asked you to come here?
You get out
Wanzhi apologizes
I'm not apologizing
It's obviously his fault, why should I apologize?
Yeah.
My dear brother was robbed by me.
And rightly so.
In fact, he is not bad by nature
I was spoiled since I was a child, don't take it to heart
It's just me.
Will it be bad to see grandpa later?
Come with me!